0.  BMP - 32 bit colors (over 4 billion colors)
    GIF - 8 bits (256 colors)
    JPEG - 24 bits (16 million colors)
    PNG - 4 bits (16 million colors)
1.  GIF
2.  Lossy compression is when a file is compressed and some information (data) is lost when it is reversed to the initial state
    lossless compression is when file is compressed using an algorithm that does not cause any data loss when file is reversed to the initial state
3.  JPEG
4.  when a file FAT file is erased, system modifie's filename's first character in the file directory, by signaling that it can be deleted.
    Second, system moves all FAT file's clusters to hard drive's list of full clusters. Therefore, information in the address table is deleted but the file
    remains on the system.
5.  by overwriting previous data with other data such as ASCII NUL bytes(zeroes). 
6.  stdint.h is a header file that provides a set of typedefs that narrows down specific typedefs 
    in exact integer types(declares specified integer types as having a certain width) 
7.  it makes clear that you intend to use data in a specific way. 
    unit32_t makes sure that integer's width is exactly 32 bits
8.  BYTE is 1 byte
    DWORD is 4 bytes 
    LONG is 4 bytes
    WORD is 2 bytes
9.  first two bytes of BMP is a WORD and it denotes bfType that specifies the file type
    It must be the signature word BM (0x42 0x4D) to indicate bitmap.
10. bfSize specifies the size of bitmap in bytes while biSize specifies the size of structure in bytes
11. it means that the bitmap starts at the bottom left corner (top - down)
12. The biBitCount determines the number of bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
13. fopen might return NULL if it cannot create a file that it should write to (permission issues, 
    system may not allow specific characters to written to a file, file is too large, etc.)
14. fread takes the third argument as 1 since it takes the size of the bitmapfile header and each bitmap image
    comes with only one header
15. 1
16. fseek() is used to change the writing/reading position of the stream
17. it shows the position of the position pointer(current position in file)
18. it is Rick Astley!
